[MUSIC]
>> Speaker 1: There's
still one attack left, and
this one is an out of order attack.
That the attacker can cause
a message to be delivered before another
message, at least to some subscribers.
By doing so, he can create
confusion in the marketplace.
How do you do that?
>> Speaker 2: You did this in school,
should it in your messages in
the order to be subscribers.
>> Speaker 1: Each of the subscribers
should get them in the order that
subscribed, and
they should also each of them
should get the messages in
the order that they are sent.
>> Speaker 3: And some subscribers
subscribe with the number?
>> Speaker 2: No, that would cause
an exception to get thrown, and
we already ignored those.
>> Speaker 3: So we're assuming at this
point that we're working on the foreach
loop rather than the previous either one,
but not to focus on this one.
>> Speaker 1: You like,
since we can see that the corrections that
we have made up to this point have fixed
this new And so much of the push push on.
>> Speaker 3: It's very
easy pushing their function
methods or screw with the order of it,
reverse it?
>> Speaker 1: No, you're talking
about the first problem we did?
>> Speaker 3: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, and that one was
using store, because we could name
where it was going to go, and that's when
we haven't provided an API for doing that.
>> Speaker 3: Gotcha.
>> Speaker 1: And the good thing
about this construction is that
that's impossible because they, well,
it's something that we fix the thing,
where they can get access to
the subscribers or a through this.
There is no way that they can add
a property to subscribers except through
the subscribe function.
>> Speaker 2: Doesn't have
access to this anymore, to the-
>> Speaker 1: That's correct.
>> Speaker 4: Are we trying to
get the messages out of order or
the subscribers out of order?
>> Speaker 1: The message is out of order.
>> Speaker 3: Set time out.
Is and that would make,
it would change where yours comes in.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, settimeout
might be part of the solution but
it's not part of the problem.
>> Speaker 2: You know we might wait.
>> Speaker 1: We don't
have to wait on the site.
>> Speaker 2: You know and that's because
it's synchronous anyways if it works if we
just call everything just
exactly as in effect.
>> Speaker 1: because it is
it stops everything ready.
So yeah so that that's not part of this
you know every time you click
every time somebody calls publish
a publication is that's the message right?
>> Speaker 2: Is gonna read
through the subscribers and
call it and then what you're saying is
I call it and then you call it after
me you're that you're in the bad guy
you call it after me because somehow or
yours jumper wire infront of mine.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: That's
what we're looking for.
But you can't call it until it's
finished with mine because it's,
the process is long.
But that wrong.
>> Speaker 2: Right.
>> Speaker 3: Can I pass in
the pubsub object to my function?
and then resubscribe myself
in the midst of a call.
>> Speaker 1: You're close.
It's not quite like that but
it's that kind of this.
>> Speaker 2: Is this a vulnerability
in for huge not because these
are just some preachy Right.
>> Speaker 3: So are we essentially
creating an infinite loop
based on what he said.
>> Speaker 1: We are not looking for
an infinite loop because an infinite loop
would be a denial of service attack.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
>> Speaker 1: And someone can do
an infinite loop without calling our code.
They can just sit in their own
code into an infinite loop so
that that's not something
this code can defend against.
>> Speaker 2: And inside of forEach,
can you change the value of s?
>> Speaker 1: Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So
if I publish one object, and
then later on, publish another object And
that separate object has a function in
it that sets aspect to the first object.
Is that a nasty thing to do.
>> Speaker 1: Well that's not likely to
happen because whatever function you're
going to be doing, that will be
created outside of the scope and
so will not see at.
yeah only functions in
this scope can see us.
>> Speaker 3: So if I pass it.
The pops up to my subscribers function
when my function is called
I call public Again.
>> Speaker 1: Yes.
>> Speaker 3: And
we restart to loop in the beginning again.
>> Speaker 1: Exactly.
>> Speaker 3: And we keep on doing
that we'll never get it.
>> Speaker 1: Right.
So, this is a tacky just describe.
So, he subscribes a function
Which will publish and
this function gets called in
the publication loop so he can cut it.
He can then cause his own
message to get published and
delivered to everybody who is after
himself in the subscriber list
And in doing that,
he causes things to go out of order.
>> Speaker 4: Leonardo in
the chat room beat us again.\
>> Speaker 1: Way to go Leonardo.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 4: Well Vincent was the first,
yeah Vincent beat us last time.
This time it was Leonardo.
>> Speaker 1: You need
to be telling us that.
Before-
>> Speaker 4: I know.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: I didn't know it's like-
>> Speaker 2: He's
a
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
>> Speaker 1: Okay, so
the reason I used the limit
function that we wrote yesterday.
Because if I don't then I'm just creating
a denial of service attack, right.
We'll keep calling it over and
over again recursively.
And a denial of service
attack doesn't accomplish
the security exploit that we're trying
to do, it just impairs a system.
>> Speaker 2: A limit's
what we wrote yesterday.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah we
wrote limit yesterday, so
that means when I get called I
am going to send one message.
And that message will get
delivered before everybody else.
So how would you fix that?
>> Speaker 2: every time
somebody publishes a message.
My message will go out it
would only ever happen once.
>> Speaker 1: Well but I can control
it you know this is the simplest
way to keep it from getting Getting
abusive but obviously we can put a smarter
function in there that could change
its behavior every time it's called.
>> Speaker 3: You could
take off the subscriber and
make sure it's not an object right?
The subscriber before you push.
>> Speaker 1: No,
the subscribers have to be In fact,
that's what the tri catch was for,
to guarantee that they are functions.
>> Speaker 3: Okay.
Can you-
>> Speaker 2: Would you just temporarily
changed the value of publish to
something else, but it's frozen.
>> Speaker 1: Right we,
yeah we fixed that one.
>> Speaker 2: I was just trying to
think of a way to disable publish
inside of this loop.
So if you just set, you could, yeah,
you put a var at the top of
this that says publish off.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, we could put a boolean
up at the top which says, we're in
the publication mode, so subscribe or
publish is turned off while we're looping.
That would certainly work.
The way I would approach it is,
I would do an asynchronous solution
because I like a synchrony.
So there's something that's in browsers
and in Java and in node called setTimeout.
And setTimeout receives a function and
causes that function to get
executed in the future.
And you can give it a time which says no
sooner than zero milliseconds from now
call this function.
But this function happens
in a different turn.
So it'll get scheduled
after all of the current
work in the current turn is finished.
So this would cause.
Everything to get lined
up in the timer queue and
then if someone wants to
subscribe during a publication,
their stuff will get added
later in the timer queue.
So everything stays in order, we're using
the timer queue to sort the messages.
>> Speaker 1: Now, so we could do that.
>> Speaker 3: So you move the publication
off into a separate queue the one that
gets processed independently
if whatever goes on here?
>> Speaker 1: Right and it also means I
don't need to try catch here now because
If it fails it'll fail in that turn.
But then the system says, well that turns
finish and will go on to the next one.
And so everything keeps going.
Now it turns out there's one hazard in
this because of the design error in
the way such a timeout works when you
pause such timeout it returns a number And
you can pass that number to clear timeout
and that'll prevent things from happening.
Unfortunately, it is
an easily guessable number.
And that means if the attacker
can guess what the next
clear timeout number is going to be.
He can prevent messages
from being delivered.
By cancelling those messages
that are in the queue.
So we would have to fix that but
we'll fix that one another day.